DOCS-2864: Clarify Klarna activation and integration (#1827)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/payments/methods/pay-later/klarna/activation.md

    - /payments/methods/billing-suite/klarna/activation/
---

## Test account

> 1. Sign up with Klarna for a test account, selecting the **Playground** environment. 

Reviewer: Should we add a link to Klarna's website? Or do you want to avoid that in case they change it and we don't notice?

Author: Good suggestion - I guess we'd be safe with Klarna.com.

> 1. Sign up with Klarna for a test account, selecting the **Playground** environment. 

Author: ```suggestion
1. At [Klarna.com](https://www.klarna.com/), sign up for a test account, selecting the **Playground** environment. 

```

> 2. Under **Settings**, generate a user name and password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Under **Settings**, click **Generate new Klarna API credentials** to generate a username and password.

```
